Understood?
-For our country and people!
COSMOS TOYS
"Hosu Women's University… Dormitory…"
"I've been searched.
A high risk of exposure.
Hoping to go to the North
as soon as possible."
So it was the dorm.
Let's go.
Oh, right.
Who were you talking to on the phone?
What? On the phone?
You called someone
from the pay phone near the dorm.
Oh, that? It was my friend.
She wanted to visit me during a break, so…
Yeong-ro, do you need help?
By the way, how will she move all this?
I called Byeong-tae.
He has a car,
so he'll move all this with it.
Thank you.
It'll be an easy trip thanks to you.
I didn't know
your boyfriend would be this useful.
What's that? Where did you get it?
It's nothing.
Didn't Soo-ho buy it for you?
You're getting kicked out because of him.
How come he hasn't called you yet?
How could he? He's being chased.
Room 207.
Student Eun Yeong-ro,
there's a call for you.
Hello?
I heard it from the hall director.
What's with you and your brother?
Your father is the director of the ANSP.
How could you hide a protester?
I'll send a car, so come straight home.
Don't be a troublemaker like your brother.